Adding basic example (#881)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-releases.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic example

> This example will list all releases for the Wingtip Toys project on the default space

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example lists all releases for the Wingtip Toys project on the default space:
```

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

> ## Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic examples
```

This example lists all releases for the Wingtip Toys project on the default space:
```text
octo list-releases --project="WingtipToys" --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey"
```

> This example will list all releases for projects `Dbup - AWS RDS`, `Flyway - AWS RDS`, and `RoundhousE - AWS RDS` on space [Target - MySQL](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-242)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all releases for projects `Dbup - AWS RDS`, `Flyway - AWS RDS`, and `RoundhousE - AWS RDS` on space [Target - MySQL](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-242):
```
